---
layout: post
title:  "Fall 2025! Major Project Updates"
summary: "Archived posts, projects, and pictures are public with the release of software and publications."
datePosted: "2025-08-24"
category: announcements
tags: [general]
---

<p> 
Happy Fall 2025! 
</p>

<p> 
This is a general update that will appear at the top of my [post list](https://lc-linkous.github.io/posts) (for the time being) as I release a set of previously archived posts that have been on hold until related publications appeared online. There are about a dozen posts and a few tutorial pages that will begin showing up over the next few days. Amongst these are the AntennaCAT introduction, some explanation of the optimizer library, and an introduction of educational materials. There are also a few posts on my 'bookshelf' reading list where I'm documenting a selection of my hard-copy references for course and tutorial development.  
While the move to a GitHub page has been an interesting reformat, it has also given me the chance to update and document a lot of pre-existing projects. Some of the material appearing here might be an updated repost if it looks familiar, but most of it is new. I'm also doing a major pivot from previous formats and linking associated GitHub repositories with testable material.
</p> 

<p> 
The center of this 2025 update is my [AntennaCAT software suite](https://github.com/LC-Linkous/AntennaCalculationAutotuningTool), which was my [2024 Ph. D dissertation](https://scholarscompass.vcu.edu/etd/7841/). It has also been in a [recent magazine publication](https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/document/11063361), and has seen the first major 2025 release... and the first minor release to clear up some Windows 11 bugs.  The optimizers included in AntennaCAT have also been updated for individualized unit testing of mathematically defined problems. Explanations of the methodology, usage, and resources for this project are all making their way to the [wiki pages](https://github.com/LC-Linkous/AntennaCalculationAutotuningTool/wiki) and this GitHub page. The Objective Function Test Suite, which is our name for the collection of mathematical functions that can be used directly with any of the AntennaCAT optimizers, provides (standardized) benchmarking capabilities for optimizer evaluation. The cat-shaped Wi-Fi band (2.4 GHz, 5 GHz, 5.8 GHz, 6 GHz) antennas are also public, and the .DXF for some of the designs are available. The rest will show up eventually, including explanations of how they work and the design process for tuning them.
</p> 

<p>
Alongside AntennaCAT, I'm publishing a collection of specialized/focused tools that have emerged from various research projects and experimental work. This includes (in-development) Python libraries and examples for the tinySA and NanoVNA devices. The goal of this is to offer programmatic control for RF testing enthusiasts and professionals, but also make the material accessible for beginners.
</p> 

<p> 
The newest material I've publicized (at least on GitHub) includes several educational samples for cryptography, machine learning, reverse engineering, and some computer vision work. These are the public parts of a series of courses I have been developing for undergraduate level research over the last few years. Tutorials and material samples will become public over the next few months.
</p> 


<p>
Note: This post was private until publication (July 2025), and then released publicly Aug. 2025
</p>
